allow additional includes to be specified in the parse config (#105)
caksoylar/keymap-drawer: CONFIGURATION.md

_Type:_ `string`

_Default:_ `"#define KEYMAP_DRAWER"`

#### `zmk_additional_includes`

> A list of paths to add as search paths to the preprocessor. This can be useful to add the `zmk-helpers` module to the preprocessor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of paths to add as search paths to the preprocessor for `#include` directives. This can be needed if you use Zephyr modules such as [`zmk-helpers`](https://github.com/urob/zmk-helpers/tree/v2) since they require augmenting the search path.
```
